Todo:


-----Next up-----

Add invest plan excel download
*lots of bugs currently. Different lengths for the variables sent to endpoint. What is most weird is that it varies.

Add graph showing expected capital from now until retirement or some x years into future based on exp ret.



Current vs target portfolio pie chart comparison/illustration side-by-side

Remove investplan component when user makes changes to portfolio?
*currently some bugs

Transition from tangency portfolio as default to TargetPortfolio:
Add RRA levels into the app using the risk-slider
User will be able to chose portfolios from the frontier depending on their chosen risk aversian (RRA) level
*Make sure that current points on the frontier match with these RRA levels. Same number of points. When risk level changes the frontier updates automatically
Move risk level down to stock selection (or below frontier perhaps?) and consider deleting experience level funct.
*dynamic changes to the frontier illustration based on RRA

Fix countdown gpt error to display on UI w. time-to-next-query



-----New features-----

Improve excel invest plan

Move long messages (popups) from .js to separate doc and load from .js (if possible) ??

Fix hover zoom on pie chart. Ideally to zoom on slices w. label popup if possible

Add budgeting functionality.
Monthly budget to invest in stocks
Current portfolio input option (otherwise default to 0). Holdings of other stocks than optimal (chosen portfolio) ignored.
Add option to add custom transaction costs per stock purchase (broker fees)
Then use all this data to output table w. stock purchase plan per month. Also add functionality to download as excel for offline use

Add lifecycle functionality to budgeting element. Option for user to specify increase in risk aversion that scales with time based on time to retirement
*Will be incorporated in stock purchase plan

Links and popups on legend text/elements


-----Bugs and fixes-----

Error when making quick selection changes (multiple)

Fix bug with incorrect computations and resulting weights when adding specific tickers and/or changing date range
It seems very clear that the pie chart and its legends weights are sometimes incorrect. Try TSLA+META for example. Opposite weights.

Also a problem where it seems weights are computed correctly for a tangency portfolio, but the legend for the pie chart indicates, for instance, 100% allocation to a stock when this is clearly not the case

Also many scenarios where it does not automatically recompute and redisplay outputs. Test app for these.

Adjust user fascing error messaging behavior. Different scenarios, multiple error handling, etc.

Fix bug with Reach Hook useCallback missing a dependency
Implement useCallback: const computeOptimalPortfolio = useCallback(async (currentController) => {
And add dependencies: , [selectedStocks, startDate, endDate]);
And fix the bugs that then occur. Something for a rainy day.

add width limit to available bucket of stocks and instead skip to next line
* maybe add some background vis to highlight the bucket too

Sometimes a bug with the output weights (seems to only be the pie chart and its legend) when switching around between different stocks and dates
also the exp ret and vol, and weights are affected

-----Finalization-----

Build app and deploy on Cloud (V1.0)
*environment variables for API endpoints
*deploy on DigitalOcean


-----V1.0+-----

Add maximization of data range option/button. Extend start date to earliest IPO of stock selection. End date to most recent data.

Add research elements to the app where the user can read more about stocks based on their selection or GPT generated suggestions

Add shorting option
*How to modify pie chart illustration??

Add optional BTC % allocation to portfolio
*Create and link to a blog page (on app or my website) that details why this is a sound decision

Implement "risk-free" rate

Incorporate easy upload of portfolio to adjust weights based on more recent historical data
